Came here with friends for lunch since it was conveniently located near our hotel by the Boston Commons. We actually stumbled upon it by accident, but were sure glad we did! 

WOW!! The food here was amazing!! The food was fresh and flavorful!!

I got the Gozi flatbread wrap with Falafel, grilled chicken, and most of the toppings (lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, white beans w/ kale, hummus, and yogurt). There's also 3 sauces that you can add. I got the jalapeno and milder red sauce on the side...both were great! The wrap was stuffed full and did not fall apart at all!      

Fast and friendly service! 

Reasonable prices!

I highly recommend this restaurant if you are in the area!

Oh my. Wow. Why didn't I try this place sooner?! Like another Yelper so eloquently stated, Piperi is the Mediterranean version of Chipotle (but fresher and tastier!).

I came by after working out downtown. The place was packed (good sign) and the line moved quickly. I got to the counter before I even knew what I wanted - the staff kindly greeted me and when I informed them it was my first time there, they were so friendly and sweet enough to explain the process/items/choices and prices. Very helpful!

I decided on the Gozi (flatbread wrap) with roasted vegetables and falafel (you can mix and match 2!). I added hummus, carrots, olives, and feta. The wrap was HUGE! I had checked in, so I received the free bag of Gozi chips. 

For under $10, I had a feast! I found a nice little nook in the corner and sat down to enjoy. Delicious. I don't think I even stopped to breathe - I inhaled my wrap. So good. I'm hooked and will definitely add Piperi to my list of downtown lunch spots.

Good quality, GREAT price, fast service. 

I've ordered for work so many times. You would think that it would be expensive for 15+ people but nope! The lunch specials are very affordable and they've gotten the orders right every time. The only issue I've run into is not having enough chopsticks. 

I also come here when I'm around downtown crossing. The salmon avocado, spicy salmon avo, spicy tuna avo and eel avo roll are my regular picks. I tried the spicy volcano maki the last time I was there and now I'm hooked. It's basically a eel/avo/scallion maki with baked seafood on top which is warm!! I really liked this and it wasn't what I was expecting. Definitely getting it again :).


If I had to sum up Avana sushi in six words, it'd be: Great value, awesome service, fresh food. I'd definitely recommend it!

Longer version of the review:
I've heard so many good things about this place, I decided to try it out.

-This place is hard to find! You have to find the small doorway at the corner of Beach street and Harrison Ave to get to the food court that Avana Sushi is located.
-We sat ourselves at the end of the sushi bar and the server checked on us right away even though they were super busy.
-We ordered by circling the items that we wanted on their menu (which is just a take out menu). The prices were great!
-Food took a while to come out since they were busy, but the server was apologizing the whole time and also gave us complimentary edamame while we waited.
-The presentation of the food was beautiful and the fish looked fresher than the fish I've had at other "fancier" sushi restaurants.

I'll definitely be going back for more and hopefully one of these days I can try their lunch special that I've heard so much about ($7 for one maki, 2 nigiri, and miso soup).

I know what your thinking, with a name like Italian Express Pizza, this has to be your run of the mill pizza delivery / take out joint.
You couldn't be more wrong.
A family owned and operated Italian restaurant that has incredible food and personal service, your welcomed by the owner, Jimmy,  who is genuinely concerned that his diners have a great experience.
Garlic cheese bread with a side of marinara is a good starter, i'm also told the eggplant is another winner however i'm not a big fan so i passed on that.
Main courses include the staples, sausage, meatballs, chicken parm etc and several sautéed pasta specials.
All the dinners served here are prepared to order and you can tell that they were just made as they are literally bursting with flavor, are hot and incredibly fresh.
Chicken marsala, saltimbocca and chicken broccoli ziti were outstanding, our friend had carbonara and raved about the authenticity of it, a refreshing departure from the usual "too much cream, not enough taste" variety.
Prices are very reasonable and service was outstanding. I'm saving the best for last.......the dessert.
I'm not much of a dessert fan but you HAVE to try the lemoncielo (sp?) seriously its, Insanely good, i literally wanted to take an entire cake home, never had a dessert so perfectly balanced before. The scary thing is, we also had a cannoli that would shame every other cannoli served in Boston, including the North End, amazing..
portions are huge, you will not leave here hungry even if you share!!!
Needless to say, i can't wait to get back to this place, reservations are definitely recommended, this is not a huge restaurant in size, but an enormous restaurant in quality...
I was lucky enough to work at the Airport for many many years.  I say lucky because I got to try all the REAL Italian food in Eastie that I never ate growing up in a Norwegian home.  We never ate anything with Red Sauce or "Gravy" as my friends called it. 
Italian Express has THE BEST in the universe CHICKEN ZITI & BROCCOLI that I've EVER had.  I mean EVER.  The Stuffed Shells are to die for too. 
I'm starving just writing this. In fact, my cousin flew in from Dubai today and I'm going to take him there tomorrow ! 
This place although not in the most exquisite area is worth the trip. You will love it.

Another hidden jewel. How did I not know of this eatery till now ? Saw it on Diners,Dives and Drive ins and had to check it out. Greeted by owner James  upon arrival and sat right down exactly at the time of our reservation ...table of 6. 
Apps were delicious. Had lightly battered crispy Calamari , eggplant Mennino, garlic cheese bread and Caprisi ...all fresh ingredients and delicious. 
I have eaten at RINOs place in Eastie which is very good but I truly have to say this place is better ..James made sure we had everything we needed and paid attention to us all ...made us feel like we were family eating at his house ! 
I got the Frutti de mare with fra diavolo red sauce. Just a hint of red pepper and fresh basil. Red sauce also had onions which added to flavor. Needless to say I finished every last bite , which was a fete due to large portions. 
for desert James recommended cannolis stuffed with fantastic home made filling. We also got the Limoncello cake and red velvet cake made by his Brother at his cupcake shop in NH. They were out of this world ,full of flavor and super fresh .
As you can see,this is by far a legit hidden jewel that tops any North End eatery ! 
We came in as patrons and left feeling as though we were family. !
I've grabbed a quick slice over the years but it's been a while since I went in for dinner...tonight's experience was perfect!  We showed up about 830 and waited only about 15 min. It was busy and we didn't have reservations. Food was fantastic. The servings are huge and the price was beyond reasonable. I walked in specifically paying attention to detail and I immediately noticed Jim (one of the owners) interact with every customer. He was amazing and genuine. What more can you ask for?!?! Hardworking caring owners, fanatic food and quality customer service. A EBos must visit - that adds to why my neighborhood is the best.
This place has got to be the absolute best find in all of my life. Pizza is a passion of mine, so saying that does not come lightly. 

I care for someone in a wheelchair so getting into any restaurant can be somewhat of a pain if there's no ramp accessibility. The owner, Jim, noticed firsthand as I approach the door and jumped at the opportunity to help with a ramp setup, ensuring that both my friend and I were able to enter right as we got there. 

We sat down and the first thing I noticed was the fact that the owner, at the time not knowing who Jim was, had put so much love and effort into making his small takeout/restaurant a very warm and very Italian environment. The decor alone was enough for one to sit for 20 minutes without asking for a waiter, but Jim was all too good with approaching us immediately and asking what we needed. 

He was courteous and humble and as the night went on I noticed he was the one going around, taking orders, welcoming people, checking on everyone's food (but not too early) - and also the majority of the noise there (verrry busy) decelerating upon people receiving their food. I wondered why, that was until I took my first bite. Holy crap! This pizza is almost indescribable!  We ordered the two cheese pizzas for $17.95, a frequent menu item ordered among locals in East Boston, and the first thing that caught my eye. Second thing that caught my eye, was the fact that this pizza shop also serves alcoholic beverages, and classy ones, which is another plus!! 

Upon receiving our pizza my eyes felt larger than my stomach as I looked at what was being placed in front of us. Little did I know that my friend, fiancé and I would all be devouring every last bit of both pizzas which had to be almost 16 inches in diameter! Talk about feeling like a pig, but it was worthwhile.

The pizza crust was not too hard but not at all soggy and from crust to tip, maintained the perfect amount of crunch all the way through. There was barely any grease but just enough to make a pizza, a pizza. The cheese was melted to perfection, and the tomato sauce upon taking the first bite, was ripe from using real homegrown tomatoes that Jim had picked up that morning.

After taking a couple of bites and trying not to stuff our faces too much, Jim approached us to ask if we were enjoying the food. I resounding yes was the answer, and a friendly conversation began after such, in which time I found out Jim was the owner! 

He advised us that he has owned many restaurants around Boston but that this is the last and only one he owns as he's put his heart and soul into it. I absolutely love when The owner of the business is just as involved as the employees, and it seemed as though he was even more involved in what went on during the shift than other employees, which made the experience as enjoyable as it was! This is someone who deeply cares about his community and even has a sign above the door that states that everyone "comes in as strangers, but leave as friends," which was certainly the case as we bid farewell!! 

I returned again there for my birthday recently and we had to make a reservation because it was during the weekend when it's at its busiest, so if you're looking for the perfect place to have pizza drop by anytime during the week, but be advised for the weekends because a reservation needs to be made to try this fabulous chef's gourmet pizza. 

And I NEVER thought I would call pizza gourmet until eating here!!!

THANKS Jim!
My first review on Yelp - but the Italian Express Kitchen is worth it!!

I live in the neighborhood that EBK is in, but have been hesitant to try it because of having celiacs. One night while we went through the dinner-time shuffle, as I like to call it, I called wondering about their preparation, availability, and overall knowledge about cross-contamination and Jim, the owner was wonderfully knowledgeable & put me at ease. 

They offer gluten-free ziti which was cooked to order in a separate pan & I opted for the chicken saltimbocca with prosciutto, mushrooms, marsala wine, & mozzarella. Instead of breading the chicken, the kitchen sauteed it in a little bit of cornstarch (also in a separate pan I was assured), to give it a bit of weight and laid it on top of a heaping pile of gf ziti. It was DELICIOUS. It was also so large, that I was able to take it for lunch the next day AND had the last scoop for dinner the follow night!

My boyfriend had the chicken Marsala over linguine which was equally as large & he was very happy with it. Coupled with a great glass of wine, for less than $8, and the friendly service of the waitstaff and Jim the owner (who gave us his table in the back corner - away from the cold of the front door!) We couldn't have asked for anything more on a random Tuesday night.

We will absolutely be back. Thanks to Jim and his knowledgeable staff!

A great addition to Fort Point. The egg sandwich is hands down the best breakfast sandwich in the city and I find the staff very friendly. It's a great spot to post up solo to read/get some work done or equally as great to have a nice relaxing evening with wine/craft beer. 

The ONE thing I would change is the fact that they aren't open on the weekends. Even if it was just in the morning on Sat/Sun to grab a quick bite and coffee I would be pumped. Fingers crossed this happens in the near future!
Best kept Secret in Fort Point/ Channel Center. Only problem is it's not open weekends! Perfect for a Friday night though and never gets crowded. Food is amazing and vibe is great. It's themed like an artist studio and mellow music. Sometimes live music on Fridays. Owner is extremely friendly and often works the bar. Great wine variety. Food is the best part though. Get the Mildly Curried Chicken and Kiwi on Jasmine Rice. You can't beat it!  If Fort Point restaurants are full it's only a short walk up A Street. I prefer it to most of those restaurants anyways. And almost forgot to mention... Board games and books to borrow while you hang out! Not your typical Boston restaurant.  If it's empty don't worry! Worth it!

Oh. My. God. 

I just scarfed down the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. 

I work in the area (across the street) and had been meaning to check this place out after my boss sang its praises. I am not a sweets person in the morning, and saw that they had a bacon/egg/cheese with arugula on an english muffin. Sounded pretty standard but Internal Matter has officially set a benchmark for breakfast sandwiches everywhere. First and foremost...they MAKE the english muffins. Where have those been all my life? I can never eat a store bought one again. The egg was between soft and hard boiled and was just the best texture and flavor of anything I could have eaten. 

I don't think a lot of people have caught on to this place yet (it is, though, a pretty sparse neighborhood still), but I'm confident they soon will. If they put enough care and effort into a measly breakfast sandwich, imagine what they can do with the other two meals of the day!

Can't wait for noon to come around so I can go back for lunch...

I have no more appropriate, or laudatory, comments to make about IM that others haven't already - so I'll just say: GO.  Been there a number of times for coffee: great joe, authentic look and vibe (even for a jaded Fort Point local), sincere and welcoming service.

But now that I've tried the chicken chipotle melt (pretty pedestrian, right?), I'm a total convert to the food, as well.  I'm anything but a food critic - but the amazing (and amazingly fresh) baguette, perfectly turned chicken, chipotle/onion spread that was ANYTHING but pedestrian - honestly (and I'm the last one  given to food hyperbole) one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted!  Really - OMG.

From what I've read, I'll be going there for the breakfast sandwich next....  TR





